GEODE-4626: Indicate the region creation from a template is deprecated (#1449)

- Make other deprecation messages consistent.
-      "Type of the index. Valid values are: range and key. Deprecated : hash has been deprecated since Apache Geode 1.4.0";
+      "Type of the index. Valid values are: range and key. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.4, hash should not be used.";
-      "Invalid index type,value must be one of the following: range, key and hash. Deprecated : hash has been deprecated since Apache Geode 1.4.0";
+      "Invalid index type. Value must be either range or key.";
-      "Name/Path of the region whose attributes should be duplicated when creating this region.";
+      "Name/Path of the region whose attributes should be duplicated when creating this region. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.5, regions should be created explicitly so that undesirable attributes are not copied inadvertently.";
-      "(Deprecated: Use --if-not-exists) Skip region creation if the region already exists.";
+      "Skip region creation if the region already exists. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.5. Use --if-not-exists instead.";
+  public static final String CREATE_REGION__IFNOTEXISTS = "if-not-exists";
-      "Whether to merge logs after exporting to the target directory. Deprecated: Since Geode1.2, no longer used.";
+      "Whether to merge logs after exporting to the target directory. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.2, no longer used.";
-      "Deprecated. This option has no effect, but is kept around to maintain backwards compatibility with existing scripts.";
+      "Deprecated: Since Geode 1.4. This option has no effect, but is kept around to maintain backwards compatibility with existing scripts.";
-          + "Deprecated: Manual start of senders is deprecated and will be removed in a later release.";
+          + "Deprecated: Since Geode 1.4. Manual start of senders is deprecated and will be removed in a later release.";
-      "Process ID (PID) of the running Locator. Deprecated: Since Geode1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
+      "Process ID (PID) of the running Locator. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
-      "Process ID (PID) of the running Geode Cache Server. Deprecated: Since Geode1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
+      "Process ID (PID) of the running Geode Cache Server. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
-      "The process id (PID) of the running Locator. Deprecated: Since Geode1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
+      "The process id (PID) of the running Locator. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
-      "Process ID (PID) of the running Geode Cache Server. Deprecated: Since Geode1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
+      "Process ID (PID) of the running Geode Cache Server. Deprecated: Since Geode 1.2. Requires the JDK tools.jar which is not included on the classpath by default. Use --dir instead.";
