YARN-7091. Rename application to service in yarn-native-services. Contributed by Jian He

- * of a container of a component. Readiness for every application is different.
+ * of a container of a component. Readiness for every service is different.
-@ApiModel(description = "A custom command or a pluggable helper container to determine the readiness of a container of a component. Readiness for every application is different. Hence the need for a simple interface, with scope to support advanced usecases.")
+@ApiModel(description = "A custom command or a pluggable helper container to determine the readiness of a container of a component. Readiness for every service is different. Hence the need for a simple interface, with scope to support advanced usecases.")
-   * like the simplified use case. This pluggable framework benefits application
-   * owners who can run applications without any packaging modifications. Note,
+   * like the simplified use case. This pluggable framework benefits service
+   * owners who can run services without any packaging modifications. Note,
-  @ApiModelProperty(example = "null", value = "Artifact of the pluggable readiness check helper container (optional). If specified, this helper container typically hosts the http uri and encapsulates the complex scripts required to perform actual container readiness check. At the end it is expected to respond a 204 No content just like the simplified use case. This pluggable framework benefits application owners who can run applications without any packaging modifications. Note, artifacts of type docker only is supported for now.")
+  @ApiModelProperty(example = "null", value = "Artifact of the pluggable readiness check helper container (optional). If specified, this helper container typically hosts the http uri and encapsulates the complex scripts required to perform actual container readiness check. At the end it is expected to respond a 204 No content just like the simplified use case. This pluggable framework benefits service owners who can run services without any packaging modifications. Note, artifacts of type docker only is supported for now.")
